Hey, good morning family. I have some things I want to talk to you all about.
I want to talk to you right now just like I'm talking to somebody as if they were invited into my house, and you're sitting on the couch with me.
We're running out of time; it's very, very soon, Jesus is coming. So, I'm just going to be real open with you.
Like I said, there are a lot of good people on here, and there are a lot of people that are struggling.
God wants to do something with you, and He wants to bring breakthrough to your life.
In my prayer time, I heard the Spirit of the Lord say this to me: "A great financial shifting is about to take place."He said, "My people have cried out to me, Brandon, and they've stood on the Word.
They've sacrificially given of their time, of their resources, of everything people have."He said, "They've cried out to me, 'God, where are you? I'm barely making it from paycheck to paycheck.
I'm barely making it to feed my kids.'The single moms, the widow women, all the people who are really struggling."There's a lot of people struggling, and He said, "I'm bringing forth a breakthrough for you."There is a tidal wave of glory.
There's a tidal wave of a financial turnaround. There are many of you that will go to bed one night, and if you listen to Him for direction on what He wants to do with your finances, you'll have a breakthrough overnight.
I saw instantaneously some people will become millionaires within a 24-hour period.
God has a million and one ways to get you a million dollars. He can turn your financial hardship on a dime, do you understand?
He is the Great I Am; He is El Elyon, the Most High, and He'll turn your finances around. He'll turn sickness around.
He'll heal your bodies when the doctor said you were going to die and you only had 24 hours to live or whatever.
He can turn it like that, and you could be completely restored and back home and doing what you need to be doing that quick.
I'm telling you, this is a time of acceleration and increase. It's not time for us to draw back and be retreating.
We're going to take the land for the Lord Jesus Christ, preach His word, and proclaim that Jesus is Lord all throughout the world, and then the end will come.
There is a great harvest of souls He showed me that is coming.
I'm going to say this: He said, "Brandon, where sin abounds, Grace does much more abound."He said, "I saw a tidal wave of a great Grace explosion about to take place upon this planet."He said, "Because the cup of sin is full, I'm going to do one last push of a great Grace outpouring before my Son's return, before the Rapture of the church."He said, "There's going to be a great move of my Spirit that's about to happen, but it will be a Grace explosion."I was caught up in the Spirit, and I saw these two men that were standing in the back row because of the revivals that are about to take place throughout America and the world.
They were dressed up like women, and they had pink hair and long eyelashes.
Because people are seeking and they were hungry in this revival that's about to happen, they showed up and they sat in a back row, and the presence of God came on them.
The power of God hit these two transgenders, and the man started weeping underneath the power of God.
I saw this in the Spirit. He started taking off his fake eyelashes and removing his hair.
His friend was standing next to him and didn't really feel anything or do anything, but the man that had the pink hair who was there, he was really tall—he was about six-three or six-four, skinny, probably about 215 pounds.
The power of God hit him, and he started repenting and weeping before the Lord, not because of condemnation and fear, but because there was a tangible presence of the love of God.
It was so tangible in this last outpouring. It's an oozing love.
It's an oozing Grace that is not "hellfire and brimstone, you better repent, you're all going to hell."It was a tidal wave of the glory and the love of our Father upon this world one last time, saying, "I love you, I love you."It's not a judgment like a spanking; it is a Grace explosion of His presence upon this nation, upon the earth.
The scripture that He was using, "where sin abounds, Grace does much more abound,"shook me to my core when He spoke this to me because deep inside I thought that this was going to be a move of harshness, but it's going to be a move of Dad's love.
There's a great shaking about to happen before the great Grace explosion of this massive move.
I saw a shaking taking place. It's shaking the church. The dividing lines of Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, all this is coming down.
We will unite as one body serving one purpose, and that is to love the lost and to get souls saved.
There is a great falling away. There is this stuff happening, but it will be like a two-sided coin.
I've said this before: you can either focus on the dark or you can focus on the light.
That's how present this will be. It will be that dividing. There will be a great shaking.
There is great calamity I've seen coming, but there will be a great explosion of Grace on this, and people will be drawn in.
It's kind of like this: do you remember when 9/11 happened? Patriotism hit the nation. Everybody was really patriotic.
Everybody sang patriotic songs at the baseball games and the football games, and we were all like a unit for about six months or so.
There was unity for about six months or so, and people ran to church that Sunday.
Everybody was freaked out about what was going on. That's what's going to happen again.
Not that event, but that kind of unity, that kind of camaraderie, but it will be even more so in the body of Christ.
It's like a final push, that's what I'm trying to say. Now, I saw a financial wave, a financial push right before this stuff starts to happen. It's almost like they go like a domino together.
It will be a financial push of a tidal wave of blessing, kind of like the children of Israel when they took the gold and the silver with them before they left Egypt.
It will be a very similar thing. It will be a type and shadow of a financial harvest, a financial outpouring for God's children right before the Rapture of the church.
You'll see this; it will go like boom, boom. God's going to use it.
The gold and the silver are His, and He's bringing forth the harvest of the things that you've been believing for.
I heard Him say this: "I'm bringing a financial push for my people, Brandon.
I'm bringing it."So, this is what I saw, and this is the disclaimer—you pray about this: I saw crypto going up extremely in the near future, like overnight.
You'll go to bed broke and you'll wake blessed. That's how it's going to happen. I'm telling you this, it's computer systems.
He told me what is coming is like the dot-com era, whenever Bill Clinton took over and they brought in the dot-com era and the explosion of the internet.
How the finances in Google exploded. I've asked Him over and over again, "Lord, show me."I seek His face first.
Seek ye first the kingdom. Don't seek God for money; you seek Him first, and then He'll give you this stuff.
I was driving down the road, and He spoke to me and said, "Brandon, you've asked me about the next wave, what it would be like."Because I've always said, "Lord, I wish I would have heard You about Amazon stock, Apple stock, Microsoft, and things like that whenever it first started."He said, "You've asked me this a lot."I was driving down the road, and He gave me a flash in my vision of one of those cryptocurrencies.
He shows them to me. I'm telling you, there's a financial wave coming for His body.
I saw property values skyrocketing high. I saw things about gold and silver for bartering for what's coming.
Bartering little dimes, little quarters, little nickels.
Scrap silver is going up. I saw silver going up in value. I saw gold going up in value when the dollar is weakened.
People say, "When will this happen?"I'm not going to tell you a time frame of when it happens; that's for you to pray about.
But I know this: when you see the euro start to be in trouble and the banking systems in Europe, that is the first domino that will fall before you start to see the dollar collapse.
The euro and all that will be the first thing I started to see.
Now, I could miss it, I'm human. But these are the things the Lord, I feel, has told me.
I pray over this stuff, and He gives me these cues. He gives me things about Poland. He gives me things about Germany.
I've seen things about Germany, to pray for these people regarding attacks and things like that for this war.
Nothing really serious about that; it was like little pulses. The thing about Poland is serious.
I go on these spiritual things like a clock with the Lord, and I pray over them because He leads me and shows me the things that are coming in the future a lot.
People say a lot of things to me, and I'm just trying to be kind out of the kindness of my heart for you to pray about this.
But I'm telling you, there's a last outpouring of finances for the body of Christ, and it's going to be your responsibility to hear Him on what you need to do for your family: water, food, electricity, toiletries, beans, rice, chickens, whatever.
You all need to know. I'm not going to preach fear, but there is a great shaking coming.
If you're listening, you'll get your stuff paid off. If you're listening, you won't be in lack when the drama happens.
You're going to be ahead of it. This is really interesting right here.
I used to be a real big news junkie, where I would listen to the news places and try to see what was going on so I could pray.
The Lord said, "I'm doing something different with you. I am tired of you getting the news, bringing it to me a day later, and praying over it.
It's old news. Get the news for tomorrow today by the Spirit.
I will start to show you what's going to be the headlines and the news a week from now, two weeks from now, and further the closer you get to me on what to pray in the Spirit concerning the world and what's going to happen 15 days from now."Do you see?
He said, "Because you're chasing your tail. You're praying over the need, and the devil's pushing the needs, and you're just chasing your tail.
You're praying over the need like, 'Oh God, there's a derailment of the train and it fell in the Ohio River, oh God.'"He goes, "I knew that was going to happen.
Start seeking me for that beforehand, and start praying over it before you're behind.
We got to get ahead."He said, "The devil's right here, and you're chasing him in the prayer.
You need to get ahead and stop some of this stuff so we don't have to live it."He said, "You have power and authority, son.
Stop trying to go behind the devil and put out the fires. Stop the fires before they start."Do you understand?
We have power and authority in this earth, and until we're out of here, we can change things a lot.
There's a lot of things we can't change, I get it, because we're in the end times, the birthing pains.
So I'm just trying to talk to you all as if you were in my home today.
I'm going to tell you, I'm not hyper-spiritual. I'm just real. I want to be real.
People ask me all the time in the comment section, "How do you have a relationship with God?"If you get real with God, God will get real with you.
Do you understand? How long is this video, son? 27 minutes. Man, it's getting too long.
I talk too long, y'all. I have to make it short because people's attention spans are not very long.
They're used to 30-minute services at church, and they're used to not having somebody ramble too long.
They go wow at 10 minutes of worship, 30 minutes of church, and we're out of here. Things are going to change real quick.
I've got so much inside of me to tell you, and I have these little moments I can do it in the morning before work, tell you about what Jesus is saying, and you need to hear it.
I'm going to pray for you right now in the name of Jesus. Now, this is how I pray.
People want to know about my life and how I pray to the Lord, your Lord, our Lord Jesus.
Like I said, if you get real with God, God will get real with you. He knows what you're thinking already.
People always act like we have to be so religious when we're praying.
I talk to Him like I'm talking to you. I don't act super supernatural.
God is so big, you get what I'm saying? People act so religious. I talk to Him like He's my friend. Do you get what I'm saying?
I'm not trying to be disrespectful; I'm trying to say get real with God. Get real with Him, and He'll get real with you.
I say it again and again, He knows what you're thinking before you think it.
If you're mad, tell Him, "God, I'm really ticked off at how that went today."I just get real with God.
"I'm really irritated with my life right now, I'm needing some change."He knows I'm complaining in my heart, but I don't try to be disrespectful.
I just bare my soul with Him and say, "I'm hurting inside, I'm sad, that person really hurt my feelings, I'm really grieved."The Lord will come to you.
I talk to Him like He's sitting right here with me, and I start interceding and praying for these people. There was a young girl yesterday in the comment section.
She said, "I deal with a lot of addictions."She said some things on there, and the Lord showed some things to me after I got off the phone.
When I was looking at my phone, He spoke to me about this young girl because she said, "I'm dealing with some addictions, I need help."I'm not going to embarrass her, but the Lord showed me some things, and it wasn't totally truthful some of the things that she showed me.
She's dealing with a lot more addictions than what she was saying she was dealing with. The Lord wants to set her free. He told me to pray for her.
She's talking about being free, and it's a demonic spirit that's trying to attach to this person, and He wants to set this young girl free.
I'm going to go and erase her comment because I don't want you looking through the comment section trying to find out who I'm talking about.
It's nobody's business. She knows who I'm talking to. But honey, the Lord wants you free, and He doesn't want you bound anymore by what you've been dealing with.
You know what I'm talking about. The Lord wants you to be delivered from that stuff.
So, I'm going to pray for you right now, and I command that spirit to let you go in the name of Jesus Christ.
You come off of her and you let her go right now! I command you to release her body right now in Jesus'name.
You don't have a right to be on her. I command you to take your hands off God's property.
You let her go right now! I command that devil to come out of her, and I command you to set her free.
Be set free in Jesus'name. You've crossed over the bloodline.
You crossed over what's not yours. Now, I need you to repent of your sins, hon.
Close those doors and don't go back into that because he'll try to bring more back on you.
Don't go back in there and wallow in that, and stop reading that stuff you've been reading.
I saw some darkness you're doing; you need to stop that. You're opening the doors for an attack.
You cannot cast the devil out that you're being buddies with.
You want to be free, but you've got to do what it takes to stay free.
Y'all pray with me for a minute. Freedom! Freedom in every area of your life.
Freedom in your bodies, freedom in your minds, freedom in your soul. Deliverance from those things.
We take authority over those things in Jesus'name: addiction to cigarettes, addiction to alcohol, addiction to pornography.
I speak to those things to leave your body right now in the name of Jesus. Be free. For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Release their bodies, release their minds, release their emotions now in Jesus'name.
Healing over their bodies. I call deliverance over their bodies in the name of Jesus.
We call the fire of God to drive it out. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord.
Now, we believe everything we just prayed in the Spirit. Say this: "I believe for the manifestation of what I just prayed.
I believe for the revelation of what I just prayed. I call forth a revelation in my spirit.
Thank you, Lord, that you show me what I prayed in tongues today, and I believe I receive it right now.
Everything I prayed was a perfect prayer out of my spirit, and I believe I receive, and I thank you, Lord, for everything that's coming to pass from it in the mighty name of Jesus."Now, I feel released to let this video go.
You all have a blessed and happy day filled with light, filled with the glory of God. Cheer up, hold your head up high.
Jesus is on the throne, Jesus is King, Jesus loves you, and He sets you free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony. Hallelujah. Have a good day. Bye-bye.